Update kubeadm CRI detection docs in light of dockershim deprecation (#32761)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm.md

If you don't specify a runtime, kubeadm automatically tries to detect an installed
container runtime by scanning through a list of well known Unix domain sockets.
The following table lists container runtimes that the kubelet looks for, and their associated socket paths:

{{< table caption = "Container runtimes and their socket paths" >}}
| Runtime        | Path to Unix domain socket        |
|----------------|-----------------------------------|
| Docker Engine  | `/var/run/dockershim.sock`        |
| containerd     | `/run/containerd/containerd.sock` |
| CRI-O          | `/var/run/crio/crio.sock`         |
{{< /table >}}

<br />

> If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, the kubelet gives precedence to Docker Engine. This is

Reviewer: the 1.24 PR merged here, the behavior is different in 1.24:
https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/31309/files#diff-548585d5ff3dc7ff8a61b658052d84f223adca9361c9a4df3a8ce1105d9413bbR94-R95

> If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, the kubelet gives precedence to Docker Engine. This is

kubelet has no precedence or detection it just defaults flag / config to docker in <1.24.
the "Docker Engine" rename seems fine.

> If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, the kubelet gives precedence to Docker Engine. This is

Reviewer: wouldn't thins PR conflict with https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/31309 when k/website branches are merged?

> If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, the kubelet gives precedence to Docker Engine. This is

Author: Part of the release docs process is to merge _main_ into the release docs branch. For these changes, I'd expect that that merge should make sure that the v1.24 changes win (and I hope that's obvious enough). This comment should serve as an extra hint.

> If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, the kubelet gives precedence to Docker Engine. This is

Author: I'm happy if _none_ of these changes survive into v1.24 docs.

> If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, the kubelet gives precedence to Docker Engine. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, kubeadm will give precedence to Docker Engine. This is
```

kubeadm is the component doing the detection (in < 1.24)

or use:
> If both Docker Engine and containerd are detected, Docker Engine takes precedence. This is

Author: Ah, yes. I knew it was something that began with `k`.
